# Lab02_Geo-Tagged-Tweet

1.Introduce your comparison of two places or two time periods. Why do you want to make this comparison? Make sure this narrative will be stored in a ‘readme.md’.

  I have decided to pick the two time periods based on the same location that is provided. I chose a minute and two minutes for the time periods since I assume that in a short amount of time, there would be bigger information that might exceed twice or thrice the previous data. The reason I preferred to choose the two-time period is because rather than comparing locations, I would like to analyze information that is retrieved in one specific location over time. 
  In this case, the topic is coronavirus. So, my observation would be based on tweets that are filtered with this trend. This comparison would inform me the first place that the information was being input and where was the source. On top of that, by having another time of period, I could easily see how the information is spread. For my map, these points are plotted by blue dots for the first time and red dots for the second time. These dots would depict the latest area that was ‘tweeting’ and beyond that there would be either new dots (which are red) appearing near to the previous one or overlapped on top of each other. Next, I would like to make this comparison because I am curious regarding the east and west coast. How’s the information is shared between the coasts? And which coast dominate the use of twitter? 
  Overall, I would like to see the number of tweets that are tweeted out between a minute and two minutes. Also, how these tweets pop out in new areas? Whether they are far away or closed to each other.
